25x Longer than standard bulbs
Life Span 15 Years
Inspired by the sun, perfected by Philips
Vivid. Slim. Fast.
The Next Big Thing Is Already Here
It doesn't take a genius.
Don't settle for cheap plastic.
Live in a world of infinite possibilities.
Samsung Galaxy SIII Panoramic vision
The same as iPhone but cheaper!
A Life Companion for a richer, Simpler and fuller life
Experience a new dimension in TV
Samsung Turn on Tomorrow
With Samsung's 3D LED TV, movies, sports and games come to life with dynamic depth and rich realism.
Our cutting edge 3D technology brings to you images with incredible natural accuracy and dramatic detail, stretching the limits of your imagination.
Go ahead, experience the next dimension of entertainment.
Immersive 3D experience.
Real time 2D to 3D video conversation
Stay connected to the world
Share movies, music and photos through TV wirelessly
QLED TV The Next Innovation in TV
Introducing Samsung LED TV A Whole New Species of Television
MegaContrast Samsung LED technology enables a true-to-life range of picture brightness from pure blacks to pristine whites.
Ultra Slim 1.2" depth Stunning at only 1.2" deep includes tuner and power cord (no external transceiver box)
Eco-friendly 40% less power Samsung LED TVs use up to 40% less power than conventional LED TVs
Any excuse
Imagine a television inspired by art
Real enough to touch.
A new dimension in TV
Stunning HD Picture Quality
Breathtakingly clear and bursting with rich colors
Intense
Don't just see the game. Feel it. Own it. Be so close to it, so far up in it, you're knocked over on every play. This is football in HyperReal.
A new species of television brighter, sharper, slimmer
Perfect Curve Immerse in perfect color from every angle
Meet the TV with the slimmest backside
The world's first 84 inch Ultra HDTV
Advanced Technology. Beautifully Hidden.
Breathtaking Clarity and Fine Picture Detail That Will Amaze
Perfect Black. Intense Color. Incredible Awe.
With the LG Door-in-door refrigerator Life's More Convenient
LG Life's Good
Technology Perfection with Design
It's not all about technology
The Next Generation TV
Be Moved
SONY make.believe
Believe that curiosity is the key to creativity. Believe that anything you can imagine. You can make real.
See the difference
Feel the Beauty Be Moved
Slim Body Advanced LED Backlight High Frame Rate
Where there is beauty there is jealousy
More Bright. More Vivid. More Joy. Bravia The Best Picture. Ever.
Celebrate Every Detail
Sony 3D TVs are here
Transform your viewing experience with BRAVIA 3D HDTVs
Celebrate every detail
The movie critics love it. The art critics love it. The let's-talk-bad-about-everything critics are still with no works.
like.no.other
The rebirth. LED TV
SONYLICIOUS
Color like no other
Everything Enhanced
Art helps you wonder about humanity's essential questions. Where did we come from? Where are we going? Where is the remote control?
Think different
All new ways to do all kinds of things.
Thinner. Lighter. Faster. FaceTime. Smart Covers. 10-hour battery.
Sorry, no beige.
Chic. Not geek.
High technicolor.
It's the most amazing iPhone yet.
Loving it is easy. That's why so many people do.
Bigger than bigger
There's iPhone and then there's everything else
Listening to music in MRI? No more disturbing noises, no more claustrophobia
See the power of advanced technology.
Believe in the people who use it to change lives.
The Most Advanced Technology of Its Kind in the World Has Arrived!
Featuring GE Healthcare's GE Discovery MR 750 3.0 T High Field MRI System
Why would you send your patients anywhere else?
Highest Resolution/High Definition Imaging Performance optimized for all clinical applications
Short Bore/Ultra-fast Imaging means greater patient comfort
Newest Optical and Gradient Technology yields the clearest, sharpest images
Non-Invasive/No contrast require Arthrograms and Angiography
An MRI on unprecedented power utilizing the newest 3.0 Tesla technology
]The idea for the MRI was born here. Now we're taking it further.
Fractional Q-Switched ND:YAG Laser (1064/532nm) HELIOS II
Fractional Long & Short Pulse ER: YAG Laser (2940nm) LOTUS II
Long Pulse ND:YAG Laser 1064nm HYPERION
American Surgical Supply Inc.
Your neighbor since 1951
Family Owned and Operated
Lay the Proper Groundwork for a Healthy Smile
Built to Excite Your Referrals Priced to Excite Your Practice.
You Need Options. We've Got Solutions.
Sun Surgical Supplies
I am the Night
Excellence that last a lifetime
I am Creative Power
Capture your dream
I am Marco Polo
I am the Nikon D7000. I am outstanding image quality and impressive performance. I am ready to fulfill your passion.
With 16.2 megapixels CMOS image sensor and 2.016-pixel RGB metering sensor, and EXPEED 2 processor, a 39-point AF system and full HD movie recording.
I am a new era of creativity.
There's more to the image than anyone thought possible.
Canon delighting you always
A great story is unique
Full of wonders
Live a Full Life
Set your creativity free...Tell both sides of a story with Full HD Movies
you can Canon
Times to smile about
Made of your moments together
Because there's nothing glamorous about having to wait for glasses
Because what's the point of looking your very best if you can't see your very best
Because at tonight's show I want to see what's happening on the stage, not the big screen
All glasses are not created equal
Find the perfect frames
Our people are out of this world.
Come on Board.
Dival Safety and Supplies for Life
Orion telescopes and binoculars
200x 400x 800x
When I explore the Real Universe, I Use Precision Optics from Celestron
Telescopes from Celestron for Adventures in Astronomy
Comet Catcher
Walker Exhaust Systems
Men talk about women, sports and cars.
Women talk about men inside sports cars.
May the Best Car Win.
Picks up five times more women than a Lamborghini.
The Quiet Diesel
Actyon Sports Dual Cab
From this car forward, there's no going back.
2014 Discovery For everyone else there's the internet
World's most advance hatchback
FirstLight
Fiber Optic Pipeline Solutions
Ciena Experience. Outcomes.
exploring the universe: the 4th state of matter
Made for Canada. Ready for the world.
Canada's strategic ISR partner. Sense. Decide. Act.
Proven Performance in Shipboard Defense
Equipping a nation for the unknown.
General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems.
electronics at work
Fundamentally...it's just a switch
Westinghouse electronics
SONY Hear it like it is
For the performer who has everything.
The microphone wardrobe audio-technica
The game before the game
Hear what you want
We're at work for a healthier world
Doctors look at your medical history. Imagine if they could look at your medical future.
We reach the heart early
Ge Healthcare offers a variety of products to fit a wide range of cardiovascular needs and applications.
Better image quality for accuracy and control when you need it
The Hard Disk You've Been Waiting For
A is for Apple
Apple invents the personal computer. Again.
Dell The power to do more.
You. Must. Be. Kidding.
Lowest prices ever on dell.com.
Doorbusters every 3 hours starting at midnight EST
Notebook. Sketchbook. Songbook. Ultrabook. The book of do.
Lenovo Ideapad U310 & U410 Ultrabook
Inspired by Intel
Forced from Carbon Fiber
Introducing Thinkpag X1 Carbon
Lighter, Thinner, Stronger. An unfair business advantage.
Lenovo. For those who do.
The revolutionary ThinkPad.
Faster and Smart with the intel core processor family.
Touch. Tablet. Twice as cool.
Once device for everything in your life. The new Surface is lighter, thinner, and much more than a tablet. With an available click-in keyboard and Microsoft Office, you can multi-task like a pro. It's all you need to get it all done.
Technology connecting. Walls disappearing. What a rush.
Windows Life Without Walls
We see a label with your name on it
Every inch an iPad
iPad Air The Power of Lightness
