Protecting our troops Stopping anthrax Eradicating deadly disease Improving patient outcomes Keeping airports safe
Battelle It can be decodeURIComponent
#DontCrackUnderPressure TagHeuer Swiss Avent-Garde Since 1860
Aquaracer Calibre 16 Chronograph
Cristiano Ronaldo is born to break all the records.
His motivation is to win at every occasion to challenge the human statistics.
Like TAG Heuer, Ronaldo surpasses the limits of his field and never cracks under pressure.
Mirai It's not just a car. It's a vehicle of change.
Introducing the hydrogen-fueled Toyota Mirai.
It's here to make a difference.
Toyota Let's Go Places
So Your Product Got 454,991 Likes.
Now Turn Them Into Orders.
Retail is live.
SAP for Retail helps you predict, anticipate and deliver engaging shopper experiences.
Live and in the moment. So you can convert insights into sales.
And get the right products to the right customers, right now.
HP recommeds Windows 10 Pro.
The Desktop, Reinvented.
HP Elise Slice A modular Masterpiece
HP keep reinventing
Windows 10 Pro. Cortana is your truly personal digital assistant.
The all new PLAYBASE
TV, movies and music sound better.
Listen Better at sonos.com
SONOS The Home Sound System
Go Waitless
Don't get held down by an outdated mortgage process.
Go completely online for a fast, convenient approval. Quickenloads.com
essilor GLARE? The choice is clear. Crizal No-Glare lens
Ask your Independent Eyecare Professional for Crizal No-Glare lenses.
To find one near you, go to Crizal.com
RESISTS glare scratch smudge dust water UV ready
Crizal Live Life in the Clear
Kelsey, B. Arch., Class of 2020
Told to play house. Now designs skyscrapers.
NYIT alumni are in the top 14% of earners of all grads nationwide.* Learn more at nyuit.com
New York Institute of Technology
The Future is Ours
Crafted in Plymouth to sail the world
Since 1965, Princess Yachts has strived to deliver voyages of endless possibility to each and every customer and continues to do so by building yachts to universal acclaim in the south west of England.
The result of a detail-oriented culture of innovation, these yachts are some of the most technically advanced in the world.
The Princess Yachts Design Studio is constantly working to develop ingenious ways to ensure every last inch of each boat is ergonomically sound, highly practical, spatially perfect, and impeccably hand-finished.
Once the team of naval architects, designers, and engineers has determined a design, the craftspeople fastidiously bring it to life with their unique skills.
Every beautiful detail is crafted and finished within in the Plymouth shipyards.
This enables Princess to consistently monitor quality throughout each build.
And makes Princess Yachts unique. Experience the exceptional.
Domains Mail Hosting eCommerce Servers
Stop Sharing! 1&1 Virtual Server Cloud starting at $4.99 per month
Intel Xeon inside Trusted Performance Intel Xeon Processors Windows
NEW 1&1 eliminates the "noisy neighbor effect": Ideal for beginners as a web and mail server, but also for more demanding projects like database applications, the new 1&1 Virtual Server Cloud is 100% yours to use!
Take advantage now of the latest cloud technology.
No shared resources through VMware virtualization. Full root access. SSD storage. Unlimited traffic. High performance. Maximum security. Best price-performance ration. 24/7 expert support. Choice between Linux/Windows. Plesk ONYX.
1 call Speak with an expert 24/7
1 month Flexible payment options
1 secure choice Fail-safe
OMEGA "...and OMEGA is the watch that went to the Moon." George Clooney's Choice #moonwatch Omega Speedmaster
